README.md, before:

# Global event website
In this project, I developed a nonfiction writers and readers event website that you can access to know all the important information about the event including the partners and speakers involved. This site is constituted from a home and about page. Please read the README file for further important information about the design.

## 🛠️ Built With

- HTML, CSS & Javascript
- Linters: Lighthouse, Webhint, Stylelint & ESlint

## 💻 Live demo
- [Live Demo Link]()

## 📹 Video documentation

- [Description of the project]()

## 🧮 Setup

Follow these steps on your console to properly clone this repository on your desktop:

```
$ cd desktop
$ git clone https://github.com/mikemtzp/Conference-website.git
$ cd my-portfolio
$ open index.html file
```

## 👤 Authors

### Mike Martínez

- GitHub: [@mikemtzp](https://github.com/mikemtzp)
- Twitter: [@mikemtzp](https://twitter.com/mikemtzp)
- LinkedIn: [Miguel Martínez Prieto](https://www.linkedin.com/in/miguel-mart%C3%ADnez-prieto-a42406166/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!
Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/mikemtzp/my-portfolio/issues).

## ⭐️ Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## 🥇 Acknowledgments

- This README.md was elaborated with the [Microverse readme-template](https://github.com/microverseinc/readme-template)

## 📝 License

This project has no license.

Commit message:

Add style for program and writers section
Added acknowledgments for program icons
Added and reutilized index.html classes

README.md, after:

# Global event website
In this project, I developed a nonfiction writers and readers event website that you can access to know all the important information about the event including the partners and speakers involved. This site is constituted from a home and about page. Please read the README file for further important information about the design.

## 🛠️ Built With

- HTML, CSS & Javascript
- Linters: Lighthouse, Webhint, Stylelint & ESlint

## 💻 Live demo
- [Live Demo Link]()

## 📹 Video documentation

- [Description of the project]()

## 🧮 Setup

Follow these steps on your console to properly clone this repository on your desktop:

```
$ cd desktop
$ git clone https://github.com/mikemtzp/Conference-website.git
$ cd my-portfolio
$ open index.html file
```

## 👤 Authors

### Mike Martínez

- GitHub: [@mikemtzp](https://github.com/mikemtzp)
- Twitter: [@mikemtzp](https://twitter.com/mikemtzp)
- LinkedIn: [Miguel Martínez Prieto](https://www.linkedin.com/in/miguel-mart%C3%ADnez-prieto-a42406166/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!
Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/mikemtzp/my-portfolio/issues).

## ⭐️ Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## 🥇 Acknowledgments

- This README.md was elaborated with the [Microverse readme-template](https://github.com/microverseinc/readme-template)
- Icons:
  - Whiteboard icons created by [Good Ware](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/whiteboard)
  - Handshake icons created by [Uniconlabs](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/handshake)
  - Speaker icons created by [Pixel perfect](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/speaker)
  - Meeting icons created by [Becris](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/meeting)
  - Global network icons created by [Freepik](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/global-network)

## 📝 License

This project has no license.
